1)	A $400 rebate is available, consequently, more customers will buy now.
Julie has to attend a conference on Friday, therefore, we will change the meeting until Monday.
	A) Only the second sentence is punctuated correctly.
	B) Only the first sentence is punctuated correctly.
	C) Both sentences are not punctuated correctly.
	D) Both sentences are punctuated correctly.
	
2)	Are the following sentences grammatically correct?
All employees must submit his vacation requests.
Your request must be on the administrative assistant’s desk by 9:00 a.m.
	A) Only the first sentence is correct.
	B) Only the second sentence is correct
	C) Both sentences are NOT correct.
	D) Both sentences are correct.
	
3)	Are the following sentences grammatically correct?
Do you believe that their going to be late again?
She thought that two employees were too few for the job.
	A) Both sentences are NOT correct.
	B) Both sentences are correct.
	C) Only the second sentence is correct.
	D) Only the first sentence is correct.
	
4)	Are the following sentences grammatically correct?
I choose not to attend the conference last week.
I know that the team was led by a competent person.
	A) Only the second sentence is correct.
	B) Both sentences are correct.
	C) Both sentences are NOT correct.
	D) Only the first sentence is correct.
	
5)	Are the following sentences grammatically correct?
Is it to late for us to go to the two o’clock meeting today?
I am to give every person a list of conference events.
	A) Both sentences are NOT correct.
	B) Only the second sentence is correct.
	C) Only the first sentence is correct.
	D) Both sentences are correct.
	
6)	Are the following sentences grammatically correct?
It’s up to the everyone to due their work properly.
Our company is going to by new trucks for our delivery unit.
	A) Only the second sentence is correct.
	B) Both sentences are NOT correct.
	C) Only the first sentence is correct.
	D) Both sentences are correct.
	
7)	Are the following sentences grammatically correct?
Mr. Feather is going to the conference too.
They’re decision was quite unfair.
	A) Only the second sentence is correct.
	B) Both sentences are NOT correct.
	C) Both sentences are correct.
	D) Only the first sentence is correct.
	
8)	Are the following sentences grammatically correct?
Rates varied from 5.25% to 7.50% on construction loans.
Six new employees were hired last week.
	A) Both sentences are correct.
	B) Only the second sentence is correct.
	C) Both sentences are NOT correct.
	D) Only the first sentence is correct.
	
9)	Are the following sentences grammatically correct?
The club officers made careful plans for their next meeting.
Our men’s club is meeting today at 5:30 p.m.
	A) Both sentences are NOT correct.
	B) Only the first sentence is correct.
	C) Only the second sentence is correct.
	D) Both sentences are correct.
	
10)	Are the following sentences grammatically correct?
The employee group took it’s place at the table.
17 employees attended the meeting.
	A) Both sentences are NOT correct.
	B) Only the second sentence is correct.
	C) Only the first sentence is correct.
	D) Both sentences are correct.
	
11)	Are the following sentences grammatically correct?
The new administrative assistant asked where he should sign up for his benefits.
In the passed month, we have seen an increase in sales.
	A) Only the first sentence is correct.
	B) Only the second sentence is correct.
	C) Both sentences are NOT correct.
	D) Both sentences are correct.
	
12)	Are the following sentences grammatically correct?
The sales representatives were told to sum their yearly sales by Tuesday, but some did not turn in their totals on time.
More then 250 employees attended the awards banquet last week.
	A) Both sentences are correct.
	B) Only the second sentence is correct.
	C) Both sentences are NOT correct.
	D) Only the first sentence is correct.
	
13)	Are the following sentences grammatically correct?
There was too much noise in the room and I was not able to here the speaker.
Martin said it was vary important that we attend the meeting.
	A) Only the first sentence is correct.
	B) Only the second sentence is correct.
	C) Both sentences are correct.
	D) Both sentences are NOT correct.
	
14)	Are the following sentences grammatically correct?
When you’re computer is ready, you’ll be able to print in color.
The for employees will be laid off by December.
	A) Only the first sentence is correct.
	B) Only the second sentence is correct.
	C) Both sentences are correct.
	D) Both sentences are NOT correct.
	
15)	Body language 
	A) is always complex to read.
	B) is easy to interpret because each symbol has only one meaning.
	C) includes facial expressions and gestures.
	D) is very similar in most cultures.
	
16)	Do the following sentences have correct capitalization?
James won the employee of the month award and accepted it at the conference in Chicago.
All employees should be members of the OSTT Organization.
	A) Both sentences contain correct capitalization.
	B) Both sentences do NOT contain correct capitalization.
	C) Only the second sentence contains correct capitalization.
	D) Only the first sentence contains correct capitalization.
	
17)	Do the following sentences have correct capitalization?
January was a cold month, but it was much nicer in February.
The Fourth of July honors the independence of America.
	A) Only the second sentence contains correct capitalization.
	B) Both sentences do NOT contain correct capitalization.
	C) Both sentences contain correct capitalization.
	D) Only the first sentence contains correct capitalization.
	
18)	Do the following sentences have correct capitalization?
Linas lives near the golden gate bridge in California.
Wynona works in the birchwood building next to the Mississippi river.
	A) Both sentences contain correct capitalization.
	B) Both sentences do NOT contain correct capitalization.
	C) Only the second sentence contains correct capitalization.
	D) Only the first sentence contains correct capitalization.
	
19)	Do the following sentences have correct capitalization?
The Blue Sky Singers will perform at music hall.
The Grand View Theatre is located in Biloxi, Mississippi.
	A) Only the second sentence contains correct capitalization.
	B) Both sentences contain correct capitalization.
	C) Only the first sentence contains correct capitalization.
	D) Both sentences do NOT contain correct capitalization.

20)	During the drafting stage, the writer's goal is to get ideas down on paper.
	A) True
	B) False
	
21)	Charles noted that two reports, nine memos, and eight letters had been sent. 
Please send the reimbursement check to Jeff Zinna at 12 Sandy Way, Apartment A-1, Applet, Iowa, 50020.
	A) Only the first sentence is punctuated correctly.
	B) Both sentences are punctuated correctly.
	C) Both sentences are not punctuated correctly.
	D) Only the second sentence is punctuated correctly.
	
22)	Editing and proofreading are 
	A) not important.
	B) the same thing.
	C) two different stages in the revision process.
	D) completely done via the spelling and grammar checker.
	
23)	How many errors in spelling, capitalization, and word usage are in the following sentence? Martin Valez is the knew Manager that was highered last month and will replace Jason Jasmine Jr. 
	A) 3
	B) 4
	C) 5
	D) 6
	
24)	How many errors in spelling, capitalization, and word usage are in the following sentence? No matter what from you use to turn in you’re expenses, please right legibly. 
	A) 4
	B) 5
	C) 6
	D) 3
	
25)	How many errors in spelling, capitalization, and word usage are in the following sentence? The outcome of the Board Of Education's study proves that education is more effective then any other method of prevention.
	A) 3
	B) 4
	C) 2
	D) 5
	
26)	How many errors in spelling, capitalization, and word usage are in the following sentence? When you varify the sales total values, please make sure the month of Feburary is kept separately for our records.
	A) 3
	B) 6
	C) 5
	D) 4
	
27)	Her favorite breakfast was bacon and eggs, orange juice, and muffins.
The president of the company said “Make sure the reports are in by Monday.”
	A) Only the second sentence is punctuated correctly.
	B) Only the first sentence is punctuated correctly.
	C) Both sentences are not punctuated correctly.
	D) Both sentences are punctuated correctly.

	
38)	I believe, Fred, that you should fly to San Diego for the conference.
The manuscript, which I prepared, needs to be revised.
	A) Both sentences are punctuated correctly.
	B) Both sentences are not punctuated correctly.
	C) Only the first sentence is punctuated correctly.
	D) Only the second sentence is punctuated correctly.
	
39)	Mr. Harrison is an excellent sales representative: he really enjoys his work.
The president’s son will become president, in 2010.
	A) Both sentences are not punctuated correctly.
	B) Only the second sentence is punctuated correctly.
	C) Only the first sentence is punctuated correctly.
	D) Both sentences are punctuated correctly.
	
40)	Memos are ____ 
	A) usually more formal than business letters.
	B) harder to format and key than letters.
	C) a medium for a goodwill message to a coworker.
	D) a medium for a message to a supervisor in another company.
	
41)	On Wednesday, March 18, 2005, construction will begin on the new office building in Jasper, Wyoming. 
The report in my opinion is effectively written.
	A) Both sentences are punctuated correctly.
	B) Only the second sentence is punctuated correctly.
	C) Both sentences are not punctuated correctly.
	D) Only the first sentence is punctuated correctly.
	
42)	Proofreading is the _____ step in the editing process. 
	A) last 
	B) second
	C) third
	D) first
	
43)	The intimate zone of personal space is
	A) 12 inches to 18 inches for those from the Middle East.
	B) 18 inches to 2 feet for North Americans.
	C) 0 to 18 inches for North Americans, but larger for Latin Americans.
	D) 0 to 18 inches for North Americans, but smaller for Latin Americans.
	
44)	The three main parts of an oral presentation are
	A) a quotation, the intermediate, and the closing.
	B) an anecdote, the body, and the summary.
	C) an introduction, the body, and the closing.
	D) an introduction, the body, and the summary.
	
45)	The three main parts of the delivery of an oral presentation are
	A) statistics, nonverbal symbols, and dress.
	B) vocal qualities, nonverbal symbols, and visual aids.
	C) dress, visual aids, and nonverbal symbols.
	D) nonverbal symbols, statistics, and vocal qualities.
	
46)	There were exactly 450 customers, 300 of which were totally satisfied.
The employees discussed legal issues at the last union meeting; therefore, a lawyer was present. 
	A) Only the second sentence is punctuated correctly.
	B) Both sentences are punctuated correctly.
	C) Both sentences are not punctuated correctly.
	D) Only the first sentence is punctuated correctly.
	
47)	This sentence contains 4 errors. How many of the errors will not be found using the computer spellcheck? Jose and Janet walked form there home too attend the the meeting. 
	A) 0
	B) 1
	C) 3
	D) 2
	
48)	You will be required to (1) plan (2) write and (3) proofread the report
“Do you,” the executive asked, “plan on attending the conference in July?”
	A) Only the second sentence is punctuated correctly.
	B) Both sentences are not punctuated correctly.
	C) Both sentences are punctuated correctly.
	D) Only the first sentence is punctuated correctly.
	
49)	Which of the following is the best opening for a positive response? 
	A) Thank you for your letter requesting a replacement for your floor lamp.
	B) I have your letter requesting that your floor lamp be replaced.
	C) I have your letter requesting that your floor lamp be replaced.
Your letter of May 15 was brought to my attention immediately.
	D) A new floor lamp is being shipped to you today.
	
50)	The employee who sells the most in December will win the award.
Andi, the assistant manager, will chair the next meeting.
	A) Only the first sentence is punctuated correctly.
	B) Both sentences are punctuated correctly.
	C) Only the second sentence is punctuated correctly.
	D) Both sentences are not punctuated correctly.
	
51)	When you finish keying the report please give it to Ms. Jones.
The employee asked, “When are the reports due”?
	A) Only the first sentence is punctuated correctly.
	B) Only the second sentence is punctuated correctly.
	C) Both sentences are not punctuated correctly.
	D) Both sentences are punctuated correctly.
	
52)	Which of the following is not a question to consider when editing the content of a report? 
	A) Is the font appropriate?
	B) Is the argument complete?
	C) Is the information relevant to the overall writing goal?
	D) Is each point supported with evidence?
	
53)	Which of the following is not a proofreading technique? 
	A) Rely only on the spelling and grammar checker
	B) Read aloud
	C) Read slowly
	D) Read the paper backwards
	
54)	Which of the following is not a step in the editing process? 
	A) Making sure the transitions between paragraphs are smooth
	B) Making sure your paragraphs have a topic sentence
	C) Making sure the paper is organized properly
	D) Making sure your font size, bold, italics, and spelling are all correct
	
55)	What part of the face provides the most nonverbal feelings? 
	A) The mouth
	B) The color of the face
	C) The eyes
	D) The lips
	
56)	Which nonverbal symbol has the greatest capacity to keep your audience involved? 
	A) A hand gesture
	B) Good eye-contact
	C) Casual listening
	D) A smile
	
57)	Which of the following should always be part of an introduction of an oral presentation? 
	A) Conclusions
	B) Visual aids
	C) A preview
	D) A summary
	
58)	Which of the following is not a common attention-getting technique? 
	A) Summaries
	B) Statistics
	C) all answers are correct
	D) Anecdotes
	
59)	Which is not a question you would ask to determine whether your oral presentation requires visual aids? 
	A) Will visual aids add interest to the presentation?
	B) Will visual aids help the audience remember what is said?
	C) Will visual aids entertain my audience?
	D) Will visual aids help clarify the message?
	
60)	In a report using only first- and second-person pronouns, which pronoun would not appear? 
	A) Me
	B) We
	C) You
	D) He
	
61)	Which of the following is the best problem statement for a report trying to identify whether to buy Brand A or Brand B? 
	A) Of the two brands—A and B—which one is better?
	B) Should ABC Company buy Brand A or Brand B?
	C) The purpose of this report is to determine which brand is better.
	D) Brand A is the better of the two.
	
62)	Which of the following reasons for the negative message is well written? 
	A) If we were to repair your electric stapler and all the others when they wore out, we would go out of business.
	B) The washing instructions, plainly visible on the label, say hand wash.
	C) The warranty on electric staplers is one year, and the warranty on this one expired six months ago.
	D) I would like to refund your money, but company policy forbids it.
	
63)	Which of the following illustrates the best "no" in a letter that contains a negative message? 
	A) I'm sorry that we cannot hire you.
	B) If the electric stapler were still under warranty, it would be replaced.
	C) Your request for a replacement must be denied.
	D) I’m sorry that your request must be denied.
	
64)	When organizing letters containing negative messages, which concept should be followed? 
	A) State or imply the negative message.
	B) Begin with the negative news.
	C) Supporting information should follow the negative message.
	D) All answers should be followed when organizing letters that contain negative messages.
	
65)	Which of the following goodwill closings is the best for a letter to a customer? 
	A) Again, we are pleased to have you as a new customer.
	B) Come in and see our new hardwood flooring. It is marked down 40 percent this next week.
	C) Please come in and see us soon.
	D) We appreciate your business.
	
66)	The first time you proofread a document, what should you look for? 
	A) Grammatical errors
	B) Typographical errors
	C) Spelling errors
	D) General content errors
	
67)	Which of the following sentences contains a transition that indicates a contrast between ideas? 
	A) In addition, those employees whose performance ratings are “excellent” will qualify for an additional two days of vacation per year.
	B) For this reason, employees must wear their identification badges at all times.
	C) In spite of the storm, the courier company was able to maintain its delivery schedules.
	D) Company A's product, for example, is creamy and sweet.
	
68)	What is the purpose of a transition word or phrase? 
	A) To introduce a new idea
	B) To indicate the message is coming to an end
	C) To show who or what performs the action of the verb
	D) To indicate the relationship between one thought and the next
	
69)	Which of the following sentences contains all of the five Ws? 
	A) New employees should report at 8:30 a.m. on Monday, October 6, for an orientation session.
	B) Please join Chief of Staff Dr. Arlyn Michaels at the 4th floor nurses' station for a tour of the new facility.
	C) In a meeting at company headquarters on March 9, 2004, the Board of Directors approved the revised employee policy manual.
	D) Committee volunteers will meet in conference room C on Thursday at 2:30.
	
70)	What does a developmental paragraph contain? 
	A) A greeting
	B) Facts, reasons, or examples
	C) A summary
	D) An expression of goodwill
	
71)	During the editing stage, what should a writer do? 
	A) Read the draft backwards.
	B) Check for sentence variety.
	C) Make sure opening and closing paragraphs are effective.
	D) Make sure every sentence is punctuated correctly.
	
72)	Which of the following sentences contains a redundant expression? 
	A) Quality is our primary concern, regardless of the impact on production schedules.
	B) The trend is to underestimate the market value of existing properties.
	C) Currently, we have an overstock of red and blue T-shirts, as of this week.
	D) As of last quarter, our sales projections were accurate.
	
73)	Which of the following sentences contains precise words to make it more interesting and informative? 
	A) This new database program is better than the one we used to use.
	B) All materials will be completed by the agreed-upon due date.
	C) My new portable stereo has better clarity than my brother's.
	D) This product will help you feel better.
	
74)	When a writer revises a draft, which of these issues should he or she consider? 
	A) A specific word choice for each idea
	B) The overall flow of ideas and paragraphs
	C) Spelling and mechanics
	D) The structure of each sentence
	
75)	Which of the following is a receiver-oriented statement? 
	A) We make every effort to serve our clients efficiently and at their convenience.
	B) Our company works hard to meet the needs of our customers.
	C) As our guest, you will receive the attention that you deserve.
	D) I grant your request for vacation the week of August 14th.
	
76)	What is the objective of a message that tells the receiver about a new product that will soon be available in stores?
	A) To request
	B) To persuade
	C) To inform
	D) To record
	

77)	What is the objective of a message that asks for information about a product?
	A) To record
	B) To inform
	C) To request
	D) To persuade
	
78)	Which of the following best describes a memo written to a vice president from a department supervisor? 
	A) Upward, informal, and internal
	B) Upward, informal, and external
	C) Upward, formal, and internal
	D) Lateral, formal, and internal

Answers:
1)	C
2)	B
3)	C
4)	A
5)	B
6)	B
7)	D
8)	A
9)	D
10)	A
11)	C
12)	D
13)	D
14)	D
15)	C
16)	D
17)	C
18)	B
19)	A
20)	A
21)	B
22)	C
23)	B
24)	D
25)	C
26)	A
27)	B
28)	A
29)	E
30)	C
31)	E
32)	D
33)	A
34)	C
35)	A
36)	E
37)	B
38)	A
39)	C
40)	C
41)	D
42)	A
43)	D
44)	C
45)	B
46)	B
47)	C
48)	A
49)	D
50)	C
51)	C
52)	A
53)	A
54)	D
55)	C
56)	B
57)	C
58)	A
59)	C
60)	D
61)	B
62)	B
63)	B
64)	A
65)	B
66)	D
67)	C
68)	D
69)	C
70)	B
71)	B
72)	C
73)	C
74)	B
75)	C
76)	B
77)	C
78)	C
79)	A
