21)	colleague, congradulate, harass 
	A) 2 misspelled words
	B) 1 misspelled word
	C) 3 misspelled words
	D) 0 misspelled words
	
22)	prevelent, calender, mathmatics
	A) 0 misspelled words
	B) 1 misspelled word
	C) 3 misspelled words
	D) 2 misspelled words
	
23)	mileage, exaggerate, efficiency
	A) 2 misspelled words
	B) 1 misspelled word
	C) 0 misspelled words
	D) 3 misspelled words
	
24)	beneficial, tarriff, serviceable 
	A) 2 misspelled words
	B) 1 misspelled word
	C) 0 misspelled words
	D) 3 misspelled words
	
25)	dictionery, competant, witholding 
	A) 1 misspelled word
	B) 2 misspelled words
	C) 3 misspelled words
	D) 0 misspelled words
	
26)	impatient, interceed, lible 
	A) 0 misspelled words
	B) 2 misspelled words
	C) 1 misspelled word
	D) 3 misspelled words
	

27)	If nonverbal cues and verbal messages conflict, the receiver will likely 
	A) believe the verbal message.
	B) believe the nonverbal cue.
	C) stop believing anything that is said.
	D) leave the room.
	
28)	A proofreader’s mark of three lines drawn under a letter or word means 
	A) omit.
	B) leave as is.
	C) capitalize.
	D) move.
	
29)	A way to encourage feedback from listeners when you are giving instructions is to
	A) keep talking unless you see that the listeners are confused.
	B) pause.
	C) repeat the instructions immediately.
	D) wait until all instructions have been given.
	
30)	Which of the following is not true of nonverbal communication? 
	A) Nonverbal messages can be avoided.
	B) Nonverbal messages may have different meanings for different people.
	C) Nonverbal messages can contradict the accompanying verbal message.
	D) Nonverbal messages may be intentional or unintentional.
	
31)	Many bad listening habits develop because
	A) people hear more slowly than most people speak.
	B) people hear more quickly than most people speak.
	C) body language interferes with the speaker's message. 
	D) of lack of preparation for communication with others.
	
32)	In delivering an oral presentation, the most important consideration is that the 
	A) content is secondary to the delivery style.
	B) technologically advanced presenter must use presentation software.
	C) content is accurate.
	D) content is humorous.
	
33)	Body language
	A) is very similar in most cultures.
	B) includes facial expressions and gestures.
	C) is always complex to read.
	D) is easy to interpret because each symbol has only one meaning. 
	
34)	Emphasizing positive aspects in any speaking situation 
	A) may make listeners uncomfortable.
	B) may make listeners suspicious.
	C) is not necessarily the best presentation strategy. 
	D) is good business practice.
	
35)	Visuals and handouts for an oral presentation should be
	A) used only for presentations of more than 20 minutes.
	B) appropriately designed and distributed, if used.
	C) kept to a minimum so that attention will be focused on the speaker.
	D) professionally prepared so there are no errors.
	
36)	You will make an initial oral presentation to a board of directors of an international company. All members of the board are competent speakers of English as a second language. You should 
	A) enunciate precisely and speak more slowly than normal.
	B) speak as you normally would in a business setting.
	C) eliminate body language because it may be offensive.
	D) use humor generously to break the ice.
	
37)	When visuals are used effectively, the audience will 
	A) retain the message for a longer time.
	B) take better notes.
	C) participate more freely in discussion.
	D) look at the visuals instead of listening to the presentation. 
	
38)	What part of the face provides the most nonverbal feelings? 
	A) The color of the face
	B) The lips
	C) The mouth
	D) The eyes
	
39)	Which of the following is the best beginning to a letter asking for completion of a survey?
	A) Imagine yourself in a prestigious luxury car, tailored to your individual preferences.
	B) Complete this survey about luxury cars, and you'll receive a $100 gift certificate.
	C) I am conducting a market survey and would like your opinion on luxury cars.
	D) Please complete the enclosed survey about luxury cars; return it in the envelope.
	
40)	E-mail and phone messages are used 
	A) in place of business letters.
	B) to communicate to colleagues in your office.
	C) to communicate quickly.
	D) to communicate large pieces of information. 
	
41)	E-mail messages should be written
	A) when you don't have time to write a letter.
	B) in a format like a memo.
	C) when you already know the person.
	D) when you don't expect an answer.
	
42)	Linda sends a short report to top management including the plant where she works about her findings on the attitudes of workers on the job. Which of the following formats should Linda use? 
	A) Letter format
	B) Form report
	C) A formal report format
	D) Memo format
	
43)	Curtis needs to tell his employees about the company's new policies. Writing a memo means that
	A) all employees will need to stop working at the same time.
	B) everyone will have a written record of the new policies.
	C) Curtis can immediately get feedback from the employees.
	D) the employees will abide by all of the policies 
	
44)	An application letter should be organized as a 
	A) persuasive message.
	B) routine message.
	C) special letter.
	D) good news message.
	
45)	Mardy's customer service letter includes a heading, inside address, body, and closing. What is missing?
	A) The order number
	B) Copy notation
	C) The greeting
	D) The inquiry
	
46)	Which type of grammatical error occurs in the following sentence? "While reviewing the report, the fire alarm sounded, and everyone left the building."
	A) Dangling modifier
	B) Passive voice
	C) Redundancy
	D) Expletive
	
47)	A thank-you letter following a job interview 
	A) is a professional courtesy expected only for executive-level positions.
	B) should not mention the expected call or letter that will convey the employer's decision.
	C) should be sent even if you have decided the position was not right for you.
	D) is written in inductive order.
	
48)	Kevin needs to give an immediate account of a sales conference to ten people. Which of the following is not an appropriate way to communicate this information? 
	A) Business letter
	B) Report
	C) Memo
	D) E-mail
	
49)	Reference initials in a letter
	A) may reflect the initials of all people involved in the creation of a letter. 
	B) always appear as the very last item in the letter.
	C) must be included on every business letter.
	D) consist of the capital letter initials of the person who authored the letter. 
	
50)	A report usually starts with 
	A) a tabulation of details included.
	B) the reason for writing the report.
	C) a presentation of the facts.
	D) the conclusion based on the facts.
	
51)	The subject line
	A) directs a letter to a specific person.
	B) sets the stage for the receiver to understand the message. 
	C) provides a record of how the letter was sent.
	D) is used only when composing electronic (e-mail) messages.
	
52)	Which sentence most correctly applies effective writing principles?
	A) You should have completed a credit application.
	B) If you don't return our calls, we can't help you.
	C) Your savings start earning interest on the day of deposit.
	D) Your order will be delayed because its size was quite unusual. 
	
53)	Which word has the most unfavorable tone? 
	A) Inexpensive
	B) Bargain
	C) Cheap
	D) Lower-price
	
54)	Which phrase or statement best reflects elements of effective writing?
	A) Thanking you in advance, I remain. . .
	B) Enclosed please find. . .
	C) Kindly be advised. . .
	D) Here is the bulletin.
	
55)	When initially reading a document for content, which question should not be considered?
	A) Are any words or groups of words repeated?
	B) Are there any missing words?
	C) Are the margins correct?
	D) Does the material make sense?
	
56)	Which set of words would be detected by the spell check feature on your computer? 
	A) Walk, walke
	B) Effect, affect
	C) An, and
	D) Form, from
	
57)	Which of the following is not a proofreading technique?
	A) Rely only on the spelling and grammar checker on your computer 
	B) Read aloud
	C) Read slowly
	D) Read the paper backwards
58)	Following the first draft of a document, the editor must apply the following techniques except 
	A) how to organize the material that remains.
	B) how to adjust the wording so as to achieve the objective.
	C) verifying correct punctuation.
	D) what material should be added or left out.
	
68)	We discovered that those kind of form letters do not get results. 
Did you see the picture of President Bush and myself in Newsweek?
	A) Only the first sentence is grammatically correct.
	B) Only the second sentence is grammatically correct.
	C) Both sentences are grammatically correct.
	D) Both sentences are grammatically incorrect.
	
69)	None of the damage to the materials is covered by insurance. 
Neither the manager nor the staff members has heard about the merger.
	A) Both sentences are grammatically correct.
	B) Only the first sentence is grammatically correct.
	C) Both sentences are grammatically incorrect.
	D) Only the second sentence is grammatically correct.
	
70)	Being that the meeting starts in an hour, we must leave immediately. 
Corporate headquarters is being moved to Seattle.
	A) Only the second sentence is grammatically correct.
	B) Only the first sentence is grammatically correct.
	C) Both sentences are grammatically incorrect.
	D) Both sentences are grammatically correct.
	
71)	This month's sales figures are better than last month's. 
Who's telephone was reported out of order?
	A) Both sentences are grammatically incorrect.
	B) Both sentences are grammatically correct.
	C) Only the first sentence is grammatically correct.
	D) Only the second sentence is grammatically correct.
	
72)	Of us all, you are in the most advantageous position. 
Every letter and report is used to increase company visibility.
	A) Both sentences are grammatically incorrect.
	B) Only the second sentence is grammatically correct.
	C) Both sentences are grammatically correct.
	D) Only the first sentence is grammatically correct.
	
73)	Being accurate is more important than to be speedy. 
IBM wants its staff to follow these new regulations.
	A) Only the first sentence is grammatically correct.
	B) Both sentences are grammatically correct.
	C) Both sentences are grammatically incorrect.
	D) Only the second sentence is grammatically correct.
	
74)	What would management do if us technicians went on strike? 
My supervisor does not write very good.
	A) Both sentences are grammatically incorrect.
	B) Both sentences are grammatically correct.
	C) Only the second sentence is grammatically correct.
	D) Only the first sentence is grammatically correct.
	
75)	Mr. Tokheim said that it was not him who suggested the change. 
Two senators-elect will be on the program.
	A) Only the first sentence is grammatically correct.
	B) Both sentences are grammatically incorrect.
	C) Only the second sentence is grammatically correct.
	D) Both sentences are grammatically correct.
	
76)	I wish I were as knowledgeable as Mr. Dunahee. 
Unless they are enforced, there is no point in laying down any rules.
	A) Only the second sentence is grammatically correct.
	B) Only the first sentence is grammatically correct.
	C) Both sentences are grammatically correct.
	D) Both sentences are grammatically incorrect.
	
77)	You should not feel badly about missing the meeting. 
Both Ms. Blank and Mr. South are to be promoted.
	A) Both sentences are grammatically incorrect.
	B) Only the second sentence is grammatically correct.
	C) Only the first sentence is grammatically correct.
	D) Both sentences are grammatically correct.

Answers:
21)	B
22)	C
23)	C
24)	B
25)	C
26)	B
27)	B
28)	C
29)	B
30)	A
31)	B
32)	C
33)	B
34)	D
35)	B
36)	A
37)	A
38)	D
39)	A
40)	C
41)	B
42)	D
43)	B
44)	A
45)	C
46)	A
47)	C
48)	B
49)	A
50)	B
51)	B
52)	C
53)	C
54)	D
55)	C
56)	A
57)	A
58)	C
59)	A
60)	B
61)	A
62)	B
63)	A
64)	B
65)	A
66)	A
67)	B
68)	D
69)	B
70)	A
71)	C
72)	C
73)	D
74)	A
75)	C
76)	C
77)	B
